# CommerceSIte_MERN

## Overview:

This project is for a commerce website, which includes React, bootstrap, axios, restful api, expressjs, nodejs, and MongoDB technology stacks.

## Frontend

#### Overview

1. using vite to create the React project.
2. using npm run dev to start the front end in the store_site directory, and we also can use npm run dev to start the server and app simultaneously in the back_end directory.
3. using router 6 to create the router

##### The structure of the front end:

1. the entrance of the project: main.jsx
2. the command: npm run dev to start the project;
3. the third party plugins: axios, react-bootstrap, react-router-dom, react-toastify, react-helmet,react-hot-toast,react-icons,antd,etc.
4. the routers: app.jsx
   1. User dashboard: including the profile, order and user dashboard page
   2. Admin dashboard: including all users, product dashboard and product category page
5. they layout of the project: layout.jsx, including the header, footer, and the main content.every page will be rendered in the main content.
6. the auth data is loaded in the context,and it's called int the main.jsx, which means it will load the auth data before the main content is rendered.
7. the pages directory is for the entrance of each page;
8. the components directory is for the components which will be used in the pages, such as layout, privateRoutes, utils, and so on.
9. braintree:the third party payment plugin, which is used to pay the order.DropIn must have the client token, and the client token is generated by the backend, and the client token is generated by the braintree gateway.Without the client token, DropIn cannot be initialized successfully. So we must ensure that the client token is generated successfully before DropIn is initialized.

##### The structure of the backend:

1. the server engine: expressjs and nodejs;
2. the database: MongoDB;
3. the entrance of the project: server.js;
4. the command: npm run server to start the server; npm run dev to start the server and app simultaneously;
5. the third party middleware: cors, dotenv, slugify,express-formidable (parsing the incoming form and files), jsonwebtoken,and so on;
   1. express-formidable， when uploading such images, big form data files,this plugin will be used to parse the files and form data, and store the files in a temporary directory.There is a path stored in the data, and we can use the path to get the image and then using fs to read the files and save them in the database.
   2. it is a common approach to separate the retrieval of big files from the retrieval of additional information about those files in web server design.

#### issues:

1. when deleting the last one category or add the first category,the page won't be refreshed immediately,it will refresh after a while or we refresh the page manually.
